

















Annual Accounts







































Overview
Jurisdiction
Authorities
Initiatives
ADGM Academy
Dispute Resolution




                                    A platform that offers limitless opportunities and paves the way for a brighter future
                                                         


Abu Dhabi boasts first-class infrastructure and unparalleled global connectivity, making it a premier international destination. Its exceptional qualities make it an ideal location to live, work, and conduct business.



                                    Read about Abu Dhabi's life style
                                                         



                                    Latest Initiatives
                                                          


 
ADGM’s 2024 Performance With 245% Growth in AUMs Highlights Global Influence                                                                                         
 
ADGM Completes Al Reem Island Integration, Adding Over 1,100 Entities to its Jurisdiction                                                                                         




Overview
Business Areas
Setting up
Operating in
Public Registers
Legal Framework




                                    Providing an environment that empowers the future
                                                         


A financial centre that provides transparency, efficiency, and integrity, through its progressive frameworks, future focused infrastructure, all within a familiar independent legal jurisdiction – ADGM is the perfect platform for success.



                                    Find out how to set up in ADGM
                                                         



                                    Latest News
                                                          


 
ADGM's 4th Annual Summer Internship Programme Celebrates Community and Collaboration                                                                                         
 
Under the Patronage of His Highness Sheikh Khaled bin Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, ADFW 2025 Set to Double in Size at New Location                                                                                         




AccessRP
ACCESSADGM
Online Registry Solution
Electronic Prudential Reporting
FSRA Connect




                                    All Your Real Property Needs in One Platform on AccessRP
                                                         


AccessRP is a next-generation digital platform transforming the real estate experience in ADGM. Designed to streamline interactions across the ecosystem, AccessRP brings together landlords, developers, and tenants in one seamless environment, providing real-time access to services, data, and insights.



                                    Explore AccessRP
                                                         



                                    Latest News
                                                          


 
ADGM's 4th Annual Summer Internship Programme Celebrates Community and Collaboration                                                                                         
 
Under the Patronage of His Highness Sheikh Khaled bin Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, ADFW 2025 Set to Double in Size at New Location                                                                                         




Media
News
Events
Spotlight
Podcasts
Publications




                                    Stay up-to-date with our wide range of available resources
                                                         


Our community of business professionals, entrepreneurs, and investors can depend on ADGM to provide timely news and reliable insights.



                                    Read our latest news articles
                                                         



                                    Upcoming Events
                                                          



                                                    ADFW 2025
                                                                                      

                                                    RESOLVE 2025
                                                                                      

                                                    27th Annual IBA Arbitration Day Conference
                                                                                      




Support
Make an enquiry
Speaking Up
FAQs




                                    We are here to help
                                                         


At ADGM, we offer various support options, including contact details, FAQs, enquiry forms, and a whistleblowing form.



                                    View available support options
                                                         



                                    Some of our FAQ topics
                                                          


 
Getting started
Foundations regime
Resolution for incorporation


 
Existing auditors
New auditors
ACCESSADGM












                                Annual Filings
                            


Annual Accounts







Operating in ADGM
Obligations of ADGM Registered Entities
Annual Filings
Annual Accounts










When and how to file annual accounts with ADGM


Generally, every ADGM Company and Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) must file annual accounts with the ADGM Registration Authority. Annual accounts are prepared after the end of a financial year and show how the company or LLP has performed over that financial year.










                Note
                    


Whilst branches and Foundations must maintain accounting records, they are not required to file them annually with the Registrar.














 Frequently Asked Questions
     



 
What type of accounts do you need to file?

 What type of accounts you need to file will depend on the type and size of the company or LLP, and the activities conducted. Usually copies of the following must be filed:

Audited annual accounts audited by an ADGM Recognised Auditor (to find a Recognised Auditor, click here);
Auditors Report;
Director’s Report; and
Board resolution approving the accounts.

Small companies
However, if your firm qualifies as a “small” company or LLP under the small companies regime, it may file a simplified version of accounts instead that includes a copy of the following:

Unaudited balance sheet.

To be eligible as a “small” company or LLP, your firm’s turnover must not be more than USD 13.5 million and your firm must not have not more than 35 employees. Public interest entities and firms providing financial services are not eligible to file simplified accounts under the small companies regime.
If your firm qualifies for and files an unaudited balance sheet under the small companies regime, the unaudited balance sheet must contain a statement that it has been delivered in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies subject to the small companies regime.
Formal requirements
There are other formal legal requirements that must be followed when preparing annual accounts. Some of these include the following:

Annual accounts must be denominated in U.S. Dollars (USD);
All balance sheets must be signed on behalf of the board by a director and the name of that director must also be stated on the balance sheet;
For audited accounts only, the directors report must be signed by a director or the company secretary and the name of that person must be stated; and
For audited accounts only, the auditor’s report must state the name of the audit firm and state the name of the person who signed it as senior auditor.

If the incorrect type of accounts has been filed, or they do not comply with legal requirements, the Registration Authority may return the accounts to you for revision.
Restricted Scope Companies
A Restricted Scope Company will not be required to file annual accounts unless the Registrar has given notice to it to deliver its annual accounts.



 
When do you need to file your annual accounts?

 Every ADGM company or LLP will have an Accounting Reference Date or ARD. For example, 31 December 2020. This will be the date from which your deadline for filing your accounts will be calculated.
The ARD is set at the time of incorporation and registration and can be viewed on the ADGM online registry system.
Generally, filing deadlines for annual accounts will be as follows:


First annual accounts - For new private companies or LLPs filing their first annual accounts, the deadline for filing its annual accounts will depend if they have a short or long first financial year.
If the financial year is 12 months or less, then the first set of annual accounts must be filed within nine (9) months of its ARD.
If the financial year is more than 12 months, then the first set of annual accounts must be filed within nine months of its first anniversary of incorporation; and


Subsequent annual accounts - For existing private companies or LLPs filing their second or subsequent annual accounts, the annual accounts must be filed within nine (9) months of its ARD.


For example, a company incorporated on 11 November 2019 with an ARD of 31 December 2020 will have a first financial year greater than 12 months. That is, it has a long first financial year (being the period from incorporation, 11 November 2019, through to 31 December 2020).
Therefore, its annual accounts must be filed within nine (9) months of its first anniversary of incorporation. In this case, by 11 August 2021 (i.e. nine months from 11 Nov 2020).
Using the above example further, in the following year the company’s ARD will be 31 December 2021. Its deadline to file its next annual accounts will then be nine (9) months from the ARD, namely 30 September 2022.
Please note that the descriptions above refer to private companies or LLPs. For public companies, the period for filing is six (6) months, rather than nine.
Changing an ARD
Subject to satisfying eligibility requirements, a company or LLP may notify the Registration Authority of a change in ARD via the ADGM online registry solution. A directors’ resolution for the approval or change in ARD must be submitted in support of the change. Directors’ resolution templates can be found here under Resolution Templates.
Account filing extension applications
The Registrar may, for any special reason he thinks fit, approve an application to extend a deadline for filing accounts. Applications requesting approval for extending the period of filing must be submitted prior to the filing due date. Guidance on Application for Annual Accounts Filing Extensions can be found here: ADGM Guidance, Templates and Policy Statements under Guidance for registered entities..



 
How can you file your annual accounts?

 All annual accounts must be filed via the ADGM online registry solution.
Access your firm’s account on the ADGM online registry solution, then select “Maintain Company” button from the top menu bar, and then from the drop down menu click on “Lodge Annual Accounts”. Follow the instructions and upload a copy of the annual accounts and any other supporting documents.
After you have submitted your annual return, you will be emailed an automatic acknowledgment.
Your annual accounts may be subject of review by the Registration Authority before being accepted. If so, the annual accounts may be returned to you for revision.
Once your annual accounts filing has been accepted, you will be notified immediately via the online registry solution.



 
Further Guidance

 For further guidance on accounts requirements, please refer to the Annual Accounts guidance note published here.













We’re here to help
If you have any questions relating to real property in ADGM, do not hesitate to reach out. Our AccessRP team will address your enquiries at the earliest possible time.
Contact & Support









About
Overview
Jurisdiction
Authorities
Initiatives
ADGM Academy
Dispute Resolution
Careers


Business
Overview
Business areas
Setting up
Operating in
Public registers
Legal framework


eServices
AccessRP
ACCESSADGM
Online Registry Solution
Electronic Prudential Reporting
FSRA Connect


Discover
Media
News
Events
Spotlight
Podcasts
Publications
Documents


Contact & Support
Make an enquiry
Speaking Up
Frequently Asked Questions


© 2025 ADGM. All rights reserved.                

Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy

































We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to operate the website. Additional cookies are used to perform analysis of website usage. By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please read our Cookies Policy.



Reject cookies
Accept cookies







