

















Starting a Business in Abu Dhabi, UAE








































Overview
Jurisdiction
Authorities
Initiatives
ADGM Academy
Dispute Resolution




                                    A platform that offers limitless opportunities and paves the way for a brighter future
                                                         


Abu Dhabi boasts first-class infrastructure and unparalleled global connectivity, making it a premier international destination. Its exceptional qualities make it an ideal location to live, work, and conduct business.



                                    Read about Abu Dhabi's life style
                                                         



                                    Latest Initiatives
                                                          


 
ADGM’s 2024 Performance With 245% Growth in AUMs Highlights Global Influence                                                                                         
 
ADGM Completes Al Reem Island Integration, Adding Over 1,100 Entities to its Jurisdiction                                                                                         




Overview
Business Areas
Setting up
Operating in
Public Registers
Legal Framework




                                    Providing an environment that empowers the future
                                                         


A financial centre that provides transparency, efficiency, and integrity, through its progressive frameworks, future focused infrastructure, all within a familiar independent legal jurisdiction – ADGM is the perfect platform for success.



                                    Find out how to set up in ADGM
                                                         



                                    Latest News
                                                          


 
ADGM's 4th Annual Summer Internship Programme Celebrates Community and Collaboration                                                                                         
 
Under the Patronage of His Highness Sheikh Khaled bin Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, ADFW 2025 Set to Double in Size at New Location                                                                                         




AccessRP
ACCESSADGM
Online Registry Solution
Electronic Prudential Reporting
FSRA Connect




                                    All Your Real Property Needs in One Platform on AccessRP
                                                         


AccessRP is a next-generation digital platform transforming the real estate experience in ADGM. Designed to streamline interactions across the ecosystem, AccessRP brings together landlords, developers, and tenants in one seamless environment, providing real-time access to services, data, and insights.



                                    Explore AccessRP
                                                         



                                    Latest News
                                                          


 
ADGM's 4th Annual Summer Internship Programme Celebrates Community and Collaboration                                                                                         
 
Under the Patronage of His Highness Sheikh Khaled bin Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, ADFW 2025 Set to Double in Size at New Location                                                                                         




Media
News
Events
Spotlight
Podcasts
Publications




                                    Stay up-to-date with our wide range of available resources
                                                         


Our community of business professionals, entrepreneurs, and investors can depend on ADGM to provide timely news and reliable insights.



                                    Read our latest news articles
                                                         



                                    Upcoming Events
                                                          



                                                    ADFW 2025
                                                                                      

                                                    RESOLVE 2025
                                                                                      

                                                    27th Annual IBA Arbitration Day Conference
                                                                                      




Support
Make an enquiry
Speaking Up
FAQs




                                    We are here to help
                                                         


At ADGM, we offer various support options, including contact details, FAQs, enquiry forms, and a whistleblowing form.



                                    View available support options
                                                         



                                    Some of our FAQ topics
                                                          


 
Getting started
Foundations regime
Resolution for incorporation


 
Existing auditors
New auditors
ACCESSADGM














Setting up in ADGM







Setting up in ADGM










Overview


Grow and scale in Abu Dhabi’s award-winning international financial centre, providing an international and supportive business environment.

















                01
                            




                02
                            




                03
                            




                04
                            












Preparing your application
     



 
1. Select the nature of your business

 FinancialNon-FinancialRetail
Banking & Money Services
Wealth and Asset Management
Capital Markets
Digital Assets & Fintech

Professional and business servicesCorporate Solutions

Head offices
Treasury
Holding Company
SPVs
Professional Associations
Foundations
Tech Startups


Retail and entertainment






                Note
                    


If you are unsure of the category of your business, you can search the permitted activities, or alternatively you can talk to our business development team.




 For Financial Activities : Please view the authorisation process overview located here. This stage will need to be completed in advance of the Registration and Incorporation.
SPVs and Foundation Applications : You will need to firstly confirm if you will be exempt from appointing a Company Service Provider (CSP) to complete your application. To support you with identifying this, we have published a tool to provide indication as to whether you will need to appoint a CSP to submit the application on your behalf.





                Note
                    


You can use this tool to confirm if you will be exempt from appointing a Company Service Provider (CSP).





 
2. Select the legal structure

 
ADGM permits a wide range of business structures to use. Overview of permitted structures is located here




 
3. Check that your proposed name is available for use

 ADGM has a set of specific rules around the words that can be used within a proposed company name.

If the name is similar to an existing name in ADGM, you will be required to provide evidence that you have the right to use this name.
If your name contains sensitive terms, you will also need to provide evidence that the use of these terms have been approved for use by the relevant authorities. Our portal will provide a warning if you have entered a sensitive term as part of your proposed name (e.g. Bank, Emirates, Abu Dhabi etc.)







        Search the Register
        









                 Note
                    


If you are using abbreviations as part of the name, the team may request that you submit the supplementary information to explain the meaning of the abbreviation. We recommend that if you are using an abbreviation, that you upload a supplementary document to avoid potential delays. Template of this supplementary document is located here







                Note
                    


Reserving the name is not required as it can be done as part of that application. However, this service is available should you wish to register the name in advance and can be done through the Online Registry Solution





 
4. Identify your office space and register your lease

 Having a physical presence within the jurisdiction is a requirement for ADGM entities. The only exception to this rule is for Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs), for more information on setting up an SPV and the requirements, particularly the appointment of a corporate service provider, please visit here.
For details of the office spaces and co-working spaces on Al Maryah island and Al Reem island please click here.





                Note
                    


                
You will be asked for proof of lease / your lease registration as part of your registration / incorporation application.
                    




 
5. Documents and Information to support your application

 The completeness of your application will determine the length of time it will take for your commercial licence to be issued.
You will note below that there are a number of supplementary documents that you will need to complete as part of your application. We are currently working to upgrade our platform.





                Note
                    


                
Any documentation such as proof of address, or source of wealth, should be dated within 3 months from the application submission.
                    






                 Note
                    


                
All required documents should be in English, and notarisation is not required, unless specifically requested by the Registrar.
                    




Registration and Incorporation documents:
     





 
 Financial Services Companies

 
You will need to have your In Principle Approval issued before you commence your application for Registration / Incorporation.




 
Articles of Association

 Template is available on the ADGM website but this can be amended or bespoke articles uploaded, provided the applicant can confirm that these are compliant with the ADGM Companies Regulations that can be accessed here.



 
 Resolutions

 Template is available on the ADGM website but this can be amended or bespoke articles uploaded, provided the applicant can confirm that these are compliant with the ADGM Companies Regulations that can be accessed here.



 
 Identification documents for Authorised Signatories and Directors

 
Valid Passport copy and Emirates ID copies. If any of the role holders are dual passport holders, please upload copies of both passports.




 
 Source of wealth

 
The Registrar can request to view documentation related to the source of wealth of individual shareholders, and individual UBOs (with ownership of more than 25%). Source of wealth can be bank statement, dated not more than 3 months from the application date. Declaration can be located here.




 
 Hub71 Approval Letter [Tech Start ups]

 
Any application for the incentivized Tech Start up licence, must pass an initial eligibility review. All applications that will be considered, must be accompanied by a Hub71 approval letter. To apply for this letter, please visit the ADGM/Hub71 Tech Licence Eligibility Form.









 
6. Information resources, downloadable application checklists



 
        Branch – Financial and Non-Financial Services
            
 
        Guidance on Continuance into ADGM
            
 
        Limited Liability Partnership – Financial and Non-Financial
            
 
        Limited Partnership – Financial and Non-Financial Services
            
 
        Private Company Limited by Shares – Non-Financial Services
            
 
        Private Company Limited by Shares (RSC) – Non-Financial Services
            
 
        Private Company Limited by Shares – Retail
            
 
        Foundation Registration
            
 
        Foundation Continuance to ADGM
            













Sections you will need to complete in your form
     




 
         General Details
            
 
         Addresses
            
 
         Authorised Signatories
            
 
         Director
            
 
        Secretary
            
 
         Shares Capital
            
 
        Data Protection
            
 
        Beneficial Owners
            
 
        Review
            


















Ready to apply?
Once you have your required documentation together you can proceed to the Registration and Incorporation application.
Online Registry Solution





Need more information?
Our team of experts is dedicated to providing you with the highest quality of service and support. If you have any questions or concerns, don't hesitate to contact us.
Contact Us
















Fees

The fees below are indicative for the commercial license applications only, and are subject to change.







Registration Fees




Select from Standard Pricing




Select from Special Arrangements














Summary


















TOTAL PRICE:










Online Registry Solution
















About
Overview
Jurisdiction
Authorities
Initiatives
ADGM Academy
Dispute Resolution
Careers


Business
Overview
Business areas
Setting up
Operating in
Public registers
Legal framework


eServices
AccessRP
ACCESSADGM
Online Registry Solution
Electronic Prudential Reporting
FSRA Connect


Discover
Media
News
Events
Spotlight
Podcasts
Publications
Documents


Contact & Support
Make an enquiry
Speaking Up
Frequently Asked Questions


© 2025 ADGM. All rights reserved.                

Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy

































We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to operate the website. Additional cookies are used to perform analysis of website usage. By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please read our Cookies Policy.



Reject cookies
Accept cookies







